oh and the vice president he said he's a
big part of this um that is important
somewhat yeah little bit I need an
update for Killian where are we - Carl
hey min ininin what are you gonna do you
an act
don't blow it yes yes
that's done it will describe like sick
dog America ah oh I'm good very brave
very brave
Oh Starkey dead the bodies heal okay
that's good work to stay on the town you
don't let her marry psychic won't be
hurt let's meet him to tell him Wow that
was really good
that was amazing can you do a Russian
accent that wasn't Russian accent shut
up
can you do like an island dialect why
not men all around the gossip alpha hey
can you do like a South Central toilet
where's the huh do the Jamaican guy I
come from Jamaica hey can you do French
I love just people say can you do like a
Spanish I can't do but I shut up can you
do a British well I am British